Update screenshots for Managed Postgress Connection doc, mention SQL Console (#6304)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/cloud/managed-postgres/connection.md

<BetaBadge link="https://clickhouse.com/cloud/postgres" galaxyTrack={true} galaxyEvent="docs.managed-postgres.connection-beta" />

:::tip[SQL Console]

> This page explains how to connect your production systems to Postgres. If you want a quick way to run a query, you can connect through the [SQL Console](https://clickhouse.com/docs/integrations/sql-clients/sql-console), as with ClickHouse instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to connect your production systems to Postgres. If you want a quick way to run a query, you can connect through the [SQL Console](/integrations/sql-clients/sql-console), in the same way you can with ClickHouse instances.
```

Author: Thanks!
